that's it because I'm getting
heated up, imagine a debate with me and
Agustín 51 about
gossip channels because you're going to put
a Gameplay if it was still live he
uploaded it without images if I had
put the camera on I
would have recorded it directly Yesterday I got heated on
Twitter Because after a week and a
half I keep receiving messages from
gossip communities disrespecting me
insulting me or asking for like
an apology that I already gave a
while ago For example messages from
Javi Oliveira's community which is what's
happening to him again yesterday We
were already talking about the gossip issue
that he put some Tree against the
gossip I don't know what he couldn't hold back again
today he started live The kid with
the gossip again seriously That I suppose he
hasn't stopped clarifying to
people that they can't report me they can't
report me because my opinion is
we are in a democracy and he is no longer
accusing him of absolutely anything serious, I
mean he said that I haven't clarified
boy say it clarified me  it serves in the
sense that he has removed it I hope
the thing dries up here insulted called
[ __ ] or something that would have been the
same to me but what he said well
obviously he could not allow it
his way of ending the gossip is to
give us more gossip Hey Think about it it's not a
bad idea if he can't against the enemy
Join him
for which I suppose that both Javier
Oliveira and the south as the cell as
many people who are giving me a lot of
laziness of his last day always make me
lazy the last five six seven years
that we have been sharing community
sends laziness What happens is that they have never
had a community
large enough to make that notice in the
day to day well that is Pink Press okay
Pink Press that is completely
hated by any type of person
who is affected not any type of
person who is affected let's see This is
as simple as when what I spoke with
well with him but criticizing him
some of these days that we criticize him it's
not that Juanjo is the perfect example
for all these fools look at you What
is the level Agustín there are many channels
like  that of Agustín who are dedicated to
trying to make a campaign so that
gossip is frowned upon in fact for
many years we have been the outcasts
today there they are taking the step
little by little of normalizing it it is a
content like another will do the problem is the one who
defames the one who slanders the one who
does something that crosses the limits
as long as you do the job well it does not
have to be bad content
Of course if you compare it to sálvame who
are accused of publishing
police files and that is a crime of
revealing a secret host there are bad
but of course the perfect example Juanjo
Why Because Juanjo is one of those
people who start saying that I hope that
channels that criticize
other youtubers do not exist, that I hope that
gossip channels do not exist when his
[ __ ] channel is about sálvame I sometimes
think that when you finish Háblame I will end
my channel Or I will change content
Because also I want to continue but I have
thought about it many times
garbage you want to end
garbage TV  I then trash TV but to
end trash TV using their
tools I've always said that's
when your head explodes you have the
very simple explanation
anyone who has a problem and
wants these channels
that post things about youtubers disappear it's
because they have a lot of [ __ ] and they are not
interested in these channels that
echo their [ __ ] and literally
uploads four or five videos every
day of Rocío Carrasco however he doesn't
like that all the gossip channels
talk about him three or four times a
week I mean he can be but you ca
n't make a video about him a day the
logic is that he doesn't like it he likes to
take out and criticize others but he doesn't
like it when it's him and then here
you have the explanation to the people who
are against gossip people like the
clown Nemo I hate it I hate it
horribly what is happening well that
everyone who has a problem with
this type of content because they have
[ __ ] that they want us to take out and for
anyone who may have
been affected by sálvame sálvame
deluxe or to talk about it  save me from Premium like a
followed [ __ ] that are press programs Rosa I
already told you he hates it there is no other thing because
I hate people who make that wish on the
internet and well since I had been
receiving messages for a week and a half after the
gossip that I had experienced, I got angry
and put on Twitter a couple of things that I am
going to read here and of course agree with myself
because here we only
talk by fax don't you watch the video where they
put evidence I do not consume its content
all the evidence is fake and all they
do is brainwash and misinform
people I have not seen a video of his
brother in my life I have not seen any of the
other one in my life I have not seen any
Cell video in my life I lie yes I have
seen it because he is the only person I have
seen that there are people who
truly defend him without belittling his
work, the
promotions that Greff has done helped him a lot, he
believes in his live shows, he promotes it
a few times it is the only
gossip channel The one I see I do not know relating of
course he is very respectful my [ __ ] will be as
respectful as you want but it
is more  that obviously instills in people
that desire to know and wanting to introduce themselves
into the private lives of others, I mean,
a dick, a dick you were telling me that
he does no harm but I go on
YouTube I do this cell no cell really
no dude cell really really
cell that I don't go on YouTube and
this is greff responds to his breakup with
gemita and this is what grefg said and gemita
confirms their breakup and exposes to the
haters what the problem is What is the
lack of respect It is wrong there and you
know it to the brain of a 12 13 14
year old child who is growing up watching this
type of [ __ ] well obviously it is
difficult to explain this is [ __ ]
[ __ ] and I am not going to make it understood in
my entire life not only with the title
the thumbnail and what he is trying to do
I don't give a [ __ ] it does not represent it I am not
going to respect it or support it and I am
going to criticize it whenever I can the
gossip channels these three channels that
right now are a little bit of a [ __ ] the
internet [ __ ] what the
video says only with the  thumbnail and the
title I have left over what is what
the thumbnail of the title has, they are giving
news that is completely you will see
the exclusive I took it By the way, the
others did not give me credit later
When they mentioned it well let's see
debate already directly
I just imagined a
Minecraft background of parkour brother how
would you like to add yourself and your name is
El Tito El Tito Fred Broca Sorry
representing you know the family
the uncle is born Yes because you came to the chat and I
say I do not mind talking to you you
already know the first thing I have
always said to Yuri to these people and to Uncle
Olivera when he wanted to report me I
said Let's talk about it but if you want
by discord
first question what bothers you about what I have
said exactly but like
tell me and I will explain it to you like this
to see if you agree a little more
or I do not get too hot but well the
final message I think it is understandable
and I am capable of explaining it to you so tell me
what bothers you so that I do not
medal for example put as that
right now in the chat let's see I you know that I
think  that you've been watching the
videos that I've been uploading for a
long time
since Black Ops 3 we're talking eh I'm
going to do it I've known since 2015 and that's why
you know that content is SEO
when I've blown it up now it's been six
months or so so okay before
the industry has revolutionized quite a bit
and there are a lot of people and when
a lot of people get together in the same sector
things also succeed that maybe they weren't supposed to
succeed as much as it could be
the gossip [ __ ] to be big I mean he's
saying that he's now he's
succeeding because
the industry has revolutionized
and now suddenly gossip is
blowing up that before he broke up
we broke up 8,000 channels per period there have
been several periods in fact in which
I broke up last year it was
tremendous for me and then this year with
Johnny Depp and Amber it was tremendous for
me for Will hater for Juanito Sáenz the
year of Dallas wismichu I don't know what what
cool had left YouTube and when I
started to be direct and upload the
excerpts he started making you know a
floor even a series reacting to
the entire Dallas anime
relating everyone's videos he made
a lot of money reacting to those [ __ ]
videos every day let's see I don't want to
belittle him and I say this with all
affection With all due respect and also because he
also deserves it because he does it very
well sell he has blown it up Now it was that
grefg promoted it in some videos And also it
was literally him he had his 10,000
views with albertito And ser
only uploaded albertito videos
literally his channel was albertito
Every day for months albertito
cell after the albertito thing when
albertito was over he was
raining on the seo and suddenly grefg
started promoting it with Willyrex and
mentioned it he started relating to some of
his videos live not because ser
was the only channel that I watch is the one I like is
the only one I like it's that he's the one who does it
well he takes
his job seriously of course son of a [ __ ] for you and
in all of them I will say that  that I do it well, it's
me, in fact, I think he says it. Of course, it
's the one that most inclines you to you that I
want to leave because I don't want salsa or anything like that,
but the
criticism, opinion, and gossip channels,
being a channel, this is never objective,
this is subjective and each one of us is pulled
more to one side, to the other, another
opinion, another opinion, you understand, I mean,
for example, television has been going strong for 10 years.
Kiko Matamoros was famous like
us. Now we are
content creators, do you agree with them? Let's
see, honestly, the little I see
is because my parents watch it. Honestly,
the gossip that is made on TV, I
support from an entertainment perspective. What I don't
support, for example, is what you call the
paparazzi who go to X's house looking for
something new or who go out to the doors of such and such people to
look for people who interest them, they
ask them questions that are. Well, we
know what they're going for. She's
an [ __ ], you can't
say that, that's him when you've made eight
videos of Grace and Gemita, let's see the
difference between doing things right and
doing things wrong. It's not  basically cross the
limits of what is legal, I can
take and go to the door of Telecinco and
if Rosa Benito comes out to ask her a
question and she answers whatever she
wants, the paparazzi that have it are like let's
stop saying things that we are
listening to her and let's evolve already, there is
nothing wrong with it the
only thing that is wrong from my
point of view and is going to the door of
the houses of the famous that today
cannot be done because it cannot be done
because today you go to the
door of Julio Iglesias' house
anyone in a moment gets
into Google Maps and knows where
Julio Iglesias' house is and knows the
address before because it is towards
this because before you went with your
camera and with your microphone to the door of
Rocío Jurado's house and people did not
have knowledge of where it was And that is
not right but talking about romances
talking about whatever nothing happens
as long as it is public what Grace and
Gemita did was obviously not congratulating each other on their
birthdays they did not like each other's
photo the other  crying in a live because it
was obvious that adding Two plus Two
gave you four I think it is understood with
two different and whoever does not
understand it because it does not reach him That was
like a comparison at the time of the
roll that if cell continued advancing
and you grew more and you opened a
Twitch channel I do not see you very far from
doing a program like sálvame deluxe
obviously you would not be because it does not
represent you or whatever but really
the final point of your channel is that not
talking about a subject Where I have to
get to is to make a program of course the
goal is where you have to get to to
continue I mean we are already here we have already
grown all the salceo channels What
is next the next thing is to
present a program program on a
plate sálvame of course Yes yes literally it
is the next step what is the problem
The problem not accepting reality
surely the majority of these of my
companions that you ask this
throw no no but sálvame no because that is
already in private life that is already in life let's
see in private life it depends sálvame
Yes in  private life in some
aspects But because they are [ __ ]
criminals who are accused in the
operation of light this is [ __ ] that
is the problem of sálvame what do
we have to do do it right and go around in circles
on an issue that may have been
closed for weeks which is what
sálvame deluxe does when he goes to Kiko
Rivera's house and asks him about his [ __ ] mother he
's like a son of a [ __ ] I've
been talking about the subject for 20 years leave me alone you know
really
Agustín you know who albertidora was
really in what you said
reminds me because before I made quite a few
videos of him and yes it's true that in
some cases it was quite repetitive
because the bastard was lying down he was the
only one but right now I don't think I've
made any video that is repetitive
because really what I'm talking about are
things that happen for example before I
just arrived when you finished
talking about Greg so what
you said before I didn't hear it Oh okay so
what I had said is that the videos that
you uploaded well it's that I don't know who from
your community or rather let's go  let's see if I
'm repetitive it's not like when they
criticized Juanito Sáez and Will
hater because every day they uploaded
videos of hunger
man every time I upload a video they give you
parsley I have 400,000 views and the
public is asking me for this so I'm
going to upload videos of Amber and here until
the videos have 10,000 views and it
leaves the cow in the bones the failure in
that I don't understand Where is it, I mean, let's
see if I'm selling popcorn and
there are some caramel flavored popcorn
that I sell more I'm going to
invest and I'm going to put seven
popcorn stands period mentalities shark
fixed of the great minors true the [ __ ]
worms that no nobody I don't know the truth it's
a business we are not
self-employed grez confirms that Gema cheated on him
or something like that you know what
video I'm talking to you about or I
imagined that because I've seen that video
from the gossip community but I do
n't know who doesn't feel tiktok confirms
the infidelity with gemita yes it is a video
in which Greg  he goes on his live to
joke that he's been cheated on What do I
do if you leave that on live I mean I'm
not telling you to be your cell phone
eh I mean when I speak in general you already
know No I'm not going after you in the
live shows I say it the people who
defend the most is doing it and I understand
because the kid and he seems super marco I do
n't have any problem with him but it's
true that your videos of the breakup of
moaning if you want to know and I think
actually I think that internally you
know it generated a lot of controversy on
social networks a controversy that both dref
and Gema were avoiding without touching the
subject what happens is that they say something
live in front of a thousand people like
Gema says and it's not going to go
anywhere But you upload a video with that
clip and it gets 300,000 views that reaches
tiktok that reaches all the
viralization sites and at the end of the day you don't
know how bad what came to pass
because really I understand it of course you have
always seen the problem and I know and
I understand it in part  you know how
YouTube works right now and you know that
what sells is a title and a video, an
eye-catching thumbnail and I only understand I
know that the people who criticize me in part
is because there are eye-catching titles and thumbnails
and it's true But then if you go
to the video it's more I think that I have made maybe
five videos with what has been given from
Greg and Gemita and in three of those five
videos I emphasize that my
community really does not represent the people who are going to
insult them just because I have also
seen the amount of tiktoks there are and
the comments how about we all know
what comments are and that they are out of
place and precisely in the last video of
the breakup when they did the live I
say it and it is in the video itself that
really Whoever is going to do the
[ __ ] is going to be blocked because the
comments I think that is what is more or
less worth well that is what I am
doing I think in plan in fact my
tweet you support the content of salsa you
support misinformation and the fact of
profiting from sensitive topics that according to the
person can hurt them you If you
consider what you are saying you
should not see or reflect and yet from
your community  He sends it to get
you hot and you respond but let's
really see I mean the other one is lukewarm and
now that he's going too far he's [ __ ] himself let's
see if you're putting in a tweet you
support the gossip content that
misinforms and hurts because it deals with
sensitive topics I don't know what now you have him there
on a call and you're both there let him go
eat his mouth tell him to his
[ __ ] face Look what you're doing a [ __ ]
[ __ ] cell because you misinform and
then I'm not serious I tell him where I
inform them Tell me a video that you
reported and the other one says well you didn't
give me a [ __ ] video and I say you're an
idiot take minardo he understands me I mean
what the [ __ ] the [ __ ] is this a debate
this is a debate this is a
romantic tape of First dates
now and I see that even having you I have
blocked me you dedicated a tweet to a
reference that I make to a guy but it
's more than obvious don't [ __ ] with me do you
really think that I am
literally comparing the fact that selling
weapons is your content or is it really
think so Or do you think it's a  exaggeration
so that the kid who is 11 years old
understands it because you have to go to your
Twitter put two screenshots and say oh
my god what's crazy what are you doing comparing selling
weapons with how dangerous it is with my
life obviously I see it like So you're going to
win the fight but in front of who
knows how to be like that you're going to win it in front of
your community
is 60 years old or the big [ __ ] what the [ __ ]
are you talking about you compared the two things
because they are bad for you but the
difference is that one thing is illegal and
the other is not already already [ __ ] but I mean
if you go well illegal really the
sale of weapons usually comes from
the countries and it is quite quite
we are talking but what I
mean illegal in quotes there are people
who support the sale of weapons Because it gives a
lot of economy to the countries it is illegal
in quotes because there are
countries that openly say that they sell
weapons or in other words illegal is not a plan
illegal it is understood as something shady we
know that is why I understood the message
like that really that is why I found the
comparison funny it is quite funny
Oh really it is him do not make these
calls if you are going to make these calls do not
do him How is something shady you
're comparing yourself to something that kills
people that we crush
people's mentality every time Gema sees one of
our videos She goes to bed crying and can't
leave her room And then
you have to pick up when you're on a
call with her and tell her what you
're saying is an [ __ ] she
makes a meme on you and you start crying and you'll
have people talking about me salsa no That's it
bro one-armed bro photos of Cristiano
Ronaldo
[Music]
what the [ __ ] debate is this dude that
's the point I want to
get to I'm always there with all the
funniest stuff because I've been exploring
Twitter
for a week and a half now seeing how
everyone mentions me even though I'm
blocked in your videos in videos from the
South in someone else's video and I've been on
this subject for a week and a half now when
Barbie told me Shut up that barbe
told me Shut up cárced said This is
when a son of a [ __ ] gets to the
music I mean those two made a
real attack on me as a
person and I  I was wrong I charged it
against auronplay I apologized we
apologized privately and everything was great
because I have been receiving shitty messages for a week and a half
from what I
suppose and I want to understand that it is your
community because apart from posting those
scary messages they defend you So I
want to understand that it is your community, it
is the damage it does to me, it hurts me, I
put it on Twitter defending myself, it hurt me
a comment from Mario FIFA 28
please take it off don't comment on me anymore because I
blocked you man Don't pay
attention to my people if they are out there
doing Canelo for the people and the
kids all the [ __ ] because the
[ __ ] majority of society is
[ __ ] I come here to the computer, I get
to work and when I turn off the
computer I don't give a damn what
Pablito FIFA 25 says assuming that it is
his community, that it is the
gossip community that is generating this,
these messages
if half of my audience doesn't even know
who the [ __ ] you were, kid
base I mean, it could be
auron's community because you messed with him, it could
be the community  of the other because you also
insulted him it could be the community of
another tortilla who heard you
insulting the other, I mean, see if they
can be acute communities because he
has a larger community I have to
lower myself because I'm not going to do it and I
listen [ __ ] Play tells me shut me up
with a joke he made the other day I was going and
laughed at him I'm going to tell him your
[ __ ] mother and there are already like three clips that you
will have seen your cell phone where I say I have already
blocked the south to Javier and the cell phone
everywhere please don't talk to me
because it doesn't pick up I don't know if you or his brother
and upload a tiktok about it again
Well don't you see
that what I'm saying is that I don't want to know anything about you that I don't give a damn about you Imagine that the solution to not making videos of you is for you to block me on Twitter I mean you Imagine what the [ __ ] that [ __ ] has in her head Dude, I'm
also dyed the dye, it didn't hurt me
what the [ __ ] is this kid saying You can
see it there  100% that you are trying to
get things out of me all the time because it
suits you monetarily, well that's what
the tweets are about that I've done wrong, that
is, what I've done wrong. You consider I
suppose that what I had to do is
keep quiet, right? If I really
have supported you many times Because you are one of the
few people in this world who doesn't let
things fall through and who are straight ahead, they are
the mouth eh And I think there are the
videos that I uploaded months ago and from
last year even, but as a
public figure, that also has its good sides
and its bad sides. What things will he
agree with you and things that he won't,
for example, obviously if you compare us
to paparazzi And if you say that we take
things from personal life, I don't, that is not
going to agree with you. Well, let's
see, talking about Greg's breakup when it
's not public because of two clips that are on
Twitch that you pass on to your community
where Greg or Gema say something to calm
their community of 700 viewers, gems
10, you upload to YouTube and you pay attention to it, it's
taking other people's private lives and giving them attention,
not really  no because that
was already on tiktok and it has millions of
views which is the most viral social network
okay I found out when I'm
selling weapons I'm not harming
the world because there are already people selling
weapons
[Music]
much much later
forgive me
forgive me I had been infected with a little
human [ __ ] I mean let's see he's
comparing the weapons thing again and what is he
going to say let's see what he's going to
say cell please Wait wait let's see
what he's going to say well selling
weapons is a very toxic community and we
know what tiktok is like
what are you saying what are you
saying my son The answer is very
simple it is him yes gemita hurts him
that people think that she's crying
on Twitch what she has to do is not
cry on Twitch if gemita is affected by
what social networks think about her
relationship what she has to do is
when she gets grefg's boyfriend not
introduce herself as Greg's girlfriend Look
how simple That's the answer it's
crazy man but since I'm going to have a heart attack I
have to keep watching this
family people have to  give your opinion and there
are people who give their opinion with more
respect there are people who give their opinion with less
but you are exposing yourself Do not talk about your
private life Do not talk about your
private life and people will not give their opinion about your
private life I am even the courts
have it very clear eh everything of course
we have the right to privacy and the right
to honor but a character and in fact you
can read a lot of sentences that
there are, it is worth it a character who sells his
private life does not have the same right to
privacy as a character who does not
sell it it is not the same the best an
Antonio David Flores or a Rocío
Carrasco than maybe Pedro Piqueras
imagine Pedro Piqueras a
broncano presenter yes about broncano some girl comes out
talking about him that if he has fought with
him or whatever it is more likely that he will win
a trial than for example if a girl comes out
talking Antonio David Why
Because Antonio David lends himself to that show
because when you have to say the
[ __ ] Oh seeing weapons Well
really you see the
tiktok comments on my videos nobody those
comments in your life do not act
And even if there were  Cachito carne and
even if there were
here
and even if there were here and even if there
were, what's the fault of everything that
people comment you work but apart from
you who reads the 8000 comments that
a video of 200,000 views can give you
here it shows that many of
these kids have grown up in a
room have become famous and rich
and do not know what happens two streets more room
their general culture is less 10 and the worst
of all is that they live exposing a
superiority that in the end is nothing more than
the exposure of their ignorance
totally Frank because Fran is a guy
who knows that he has been on television for many years
and knows the subject Fran will be
laughing his ass off right now
surely No but it's that they
just compared him with that if His
content is like selling weapons and the guy
the answer that the being has is to say
No but look Go to tiktok and look at the
comments that are very toxic mine
are not that much and if they were what's your
fault I really am
going through my life because when Where is
this nonsense of Ay is that the gossip  it
should disappear we are super
[ __ ] but this moralism and this
nonsense the evidence is refuted in the
different gems when I leave it with
grefg and when you uploaded the videos that there is
not a tiktok where they do not
disrespect him to the point that if the
girl believes okay Obviously
if you say that your community is tiktok
we have not screwed up too I watch the
live shows from the south from time to time worker I
put it on I'm going to kill
[Music] I
was saying now
at 2:15 in the morning son of a
[ __ ] that you put on the live shows from the south
from time to time you don't have the balls to
tell me that honey to my face eh that I'm going to
cry and everything eh
You don't have the balls to tell me that
to my face I swear I'm already crying
eh son of a [ __ ] what are you going to
tell me at 2:15 in the morning that
puts on the live shows of the [ __ ] suck
God that really I but I swear that I
'm crying eh I what I'm
seeing I don't  I'm believing but he's been
up all night So he hasn't
watched a single [ __ ] video of ours in his life
dude can you imagine this debate Thank goodness he was
born with me come on but
please come on tell me that now he's going to say
that he puts them on to sleep like ASMR or
like when you touch my dick or is it for
real Agustín eh
what did he just tell you dude that he watches the
hot guy's live streams from time to
time like everyone else because
everyone watches our live streams and
videos to find out things
because they like the gossip I understand
perfection and you've been in the community for five years Which is why what you
do is what you do and I know
how you treat people and I know that you're not a
bad person but the community that has been
generated around the content that
you create is not positive for humanity
or for society or for anything the
community that breaks sins and watches
Fortnite play is very important for the
world and contributes a lot to humanity
at the moment the guy is telling you
that he watches videos from the south from time to
time why are you  you post a video from the South
at that moment the debate is over your
video is gemita and grefg they leave it
confirm there such and such So you can't
tell me that your community watches your
videos and stays there because they are your
videos because your videos and your community
are based on the content and the Private life
of other people that you say Twitter
is not private because it is public because he
is a turkey he has taken and uploaded
a clip of Greg on tiktok saying something
that may resemble his
current relationship and you are giving him balls I do not
see it as unnecessary the word I think it
is indecent necessary your [ __ ] video
playing a video game I'm going to [ __ ] myself I
'm already touching my balls eh What the
[ __ ] is humanity necessary for your [ __ ]
video playing a video game notes
I install the [ __ ] video game myself and play it
myself I have never liked the content of
video games I see them like soccer and
like sports that I do not understand the
people who go to see it in public damn if
you like strikes [ __ ] do not put yourself
look like Google the other people who
like to see people playing
video games But well that's it, I have
respect in life there has to be
everything it's that I'm getting worse because of
the cell phone than because of the water the
word grefg was banned from her chat she thinks that
people know that the word Greece is
banned So thousands or 300,000
people who watch your live and
then go around spreading that
information know that Gema Mental Health
has blocked the word grefg in her chat
because Punto Pelota has been cut off that's
something private that's something that someone
puts up and says [ __ ] she blocked grefg it
must be for a reason and you pay attention Cell
[Music]
son ​​of a [ __ ]
So you who are telling me
right in my face that Gema has blocked the
word Greg for Mental Health is private
and we are giving it publicity
but why have you started
blocking me on Twitter and there's a click where you
block me on Twitter me and the south we
have no right to criticize topics
you have to touch your dick eh Let's see
what she's going to respond to this because I'm
really going to lose my hair
today
I don't support the  toxic comments nor do I
support people being
real [ __ ] but like cell please what
is that answer I'll try it let
people be [ __ ] Well you have
one in front of you acting like an [ __ ]
all over your face and you don't say anything I
understand you I know that you have not seen my
videos some some consumed and I
said
[ __ ] it Agustín Go to hell Go
to hell some I have consumed
some have consumed and I got something the
balls like that and now the other one is going to
stay quiet My God and now the other one is going to stay quiet he plays something on you that he
stays quiet you play something that I know he has kept quiet
in notes and I know what you're about
and I know that you do your first your first
instance reacting to the video then you
give a brief opinion and ask
people in a roll plan
and I know that he has kept quiet and me and I know that he has kept
quiet but that he has no blood it's him
in the body that has strawberry milkshake
but man he is staying quiet that
the guy ends up watching All the [ __ ]
salsa channels knows the Game over
by heart since you're telling him no, I put on the cool guy from time to time no, I've seen some of your videos from time to time and the other one with his balls planted on discord saying I'm going to record the conversation without video they put on the [ __ ] camera 300,000 views
again for being here without a pool this
is a problem man Javi you are insulting a
lot I understand your anger but don't
insult because they will use it against you
father the end of the debate is the best
watch it until the end cubas to freak out I don't
know if he's going to watch it until the end eh what do you
prefer to get informed before watching a
10 second tiktok because I
don't misinform or give little
context my videos now I am one of the most viewed channels so
you see man the views never prove you
right you never have
the guy the guy is telling you to be fed up with watching the
gossip channels man and you can't think of
another answer to tell him but
right now I am the most viewed well and I have
said it I say that in 2025 if this
continues like this you will be top  1 of gossip and
top 3 and the people who truly
star in those gossip are going to make a
living but they are not going to have a problem with your
Private life of doing nobody knows her either I mean I know
you have a girlfriend because she
has a profile picture there but let's
see what she answers here
because here The answer is I'm already
telling you I surely you don't
give a [ __ ] [ __ ] if it's a problem
with my girlfriend or not Because I don't do
live shows with my girlfriend my girlfriend is not
known for being the girlfriend of being and
because I haven't sent her all
my followers as my girlfriend the day that
I introduced my girlfriend as
Cell's girlfriend and have all the subscribers on
YouTube for being Cell's girlfriend and all
the followers on Instagram and work
with marca for being his girlfriend then
that day the day we break up then we will
surely be able to comment on everything Uy
is he has broken up with his girlfriend I say I say
I say and when she appeared buying and
really grefg's relationship is
public lamia no That is the
differentiation between grefg and Gema it is
public because it attracts attention And such
But you your relationship is public because
is on Twitter in your first
pinned tweet Yeah but nobody knows my girlfriend
nobody has talked to my girlfriend she's not going to
appear on live streams she's not a
public figure That's the difference And if you were
to go live and say don't
talk to me about my girlfriend because she has some
problems or whatever and a
random channel appeared that instead of being called
cell would be called Mobile and uploaded 15
videos about you having said a
minimal comment and then people would start
giving it a go that you've been a
problem with your girlfriend, don't get me well what a
debate if you take it to see it I go to bed at
1 in the morning I mean don't put yourself in
that situation Because I would never ever say
that about you I would say what you do and
that within reason eh I've
said it on Twitter dude I've said it
live I said Excel is the only one you
can get free and I've said it
before what the [ __ ] But what a liar who
said it he's the one who gets away with it what a [ __ ]
liar and the other one kept quiet but if you
were putting the being in the same bag he
was saying it was exactly the
same what the [ __ ]  liar And how few
balls you have man Look, I can
take you out like if you want I can
send you clips of previous live shows where I
said I want them I want the clicks I
do please send him this clip I
want the clicks where you said that's
him please because I have a
few from Clio here where you have made us
all green to be included How old is
Javier Oliveira 35-36 years old he is
publicly charging against a
21 year old kid and that on a legal level is
very good because I am over 18
but on a moral level you are 38 years old you have
descendants and you are dedi charging with
a 21 year old kid, that's not going to
say something you are an idiot you will be them at
20 you will be them at 30 and you will be at 40
you are an idiot whether I have descendants
or not idiot that is what
your mother should not have done, I mean me when I
was 20 years old who knows what
Javier Olivera did at 20 years old I would love to
take a camera like that and see what
Javier did  I was 20 21 years old I would be a
homunculus like I am who am still
reaching perfection at 20 years old I would have
grabbed your Adam's apple I would have bitten it off that's what
Javi would have done to you at 20 years old you wouldn't have the
balls to say the nonsense you're
saying on live you're driving me
crazy eh but man can you clarify
the fact that I'm 21 years old and that I
'm still in the progress of becoming a human man
No I do have that Of course you're in the
progress of becoming a human I'm still
clear on that man but I think you're
still in the formation of the fetus
augu I at your age I was already a father man that's
because I'm getting horny you're
still saying things mom it's just
imagine a debate me with this guy
You can be neutral But Javi always
has that thing where he gets wet in some cases you
may like it and in others not and for
example there are some comments that I do
n't like either and I say this for
example in this case I wouldn't take it to
court it would be a comment
that I wouldn't take to court you
accuse me tomorrow of  fixer I wouldn't
take it to court I would
call you and say Hey please
okay I'm going to take it joke
okay really eh yes you are the most visible
you are the most viewed let's stay with
that
but man no yesterday I wouldn't take it I had I
had Maria and I would say Hey please Do
you mind if you can eh do you mind please Otherwise it's not
a lot of trouble in a
little hole that you have to tell your
audience tomorrow that I'm not an
abuser what what what you have to have you have to
have balls Eh not like that eh man so he's
the best that's why he has it
blocked face crying laughing I
forgot you have it blocked just
like us it has surely been
but my best month because I told you that I'm
going to file a complaint man But you
're stupid my best month not the Rocío
Carrasco thing or the hunger thing is to go my best
has been for telling him something that I'm going to
file a complaint that I literally haven't even
made a video in the main page because I was going to I was
going to report it because it's that
literally I already had it even with my
lawyer I think  It was a video giving him
the 48 hours that has 30,000 views and
the other one reacting to his apologies my
best month not when I interviewed
auronplay it's not that this guy is stupid
dude and nothing Well that would be me
personally telling you thank you very much for
coming here to talk to me bro
like in fact Look I'm going to
unblock you I'm going to [ __ ] follow you because I'm
going to unblock you I'm going to [ __ ]
follow you dude if this is already Eh This is already a joke
dude this is a disgrace
this this has been humiliating dude I mean he
's humiliated cell in the debate he's
humiliated I mean this This is a
disgrace I mean a minute ago he said
I don't know I don't put you in the same
bag I've never said anything bad about you I'm
going to unblock you dude and what the other one is
going to say well I'm
following you too no from now on you have my
private message open now in case you
want to ask me you have my disk in case you
want to call me brother how
could the south do it and hasn't done that's where
the point is where I've
carried a lot with him
and I really mean it I'm
sorry if any comment was more
out of place towards or that has
affected you and the criticism that I made
yesterday is a criticism that I'm going to maintain
because I truly regret it but it's something
that I think the content that you make for
money because I think that you would love to
dedicate yourself to a lot of
different content or rather do don't [ __ ] with me how
cool it would be to see you making Minecraft
man like no I don't think I'm really
sincere eh to me really playing something bores me let's
see is already assuming that those of us who
do SEO is only for money
but that we would like to play
Minecraft Look at the people in the chat they
are giving him a little kiss and now Justin
51 is real they are holding hands if they
are here on a romantic date dude I
completely respect that you don't know the
content if that's what there are thousands
of contents and you can like one and not
others I
put yesterday for example it's like it
hurts me a little that you I mean because more
than anything to tell you still like on a
mental level like if you see my
Twitter yesterday they shouldn't even  feel So to
speak because
But how can you be so fake so
cynical and the other guy is there going along with
this you started the live
saying that it's him I was also going to the
good vibes tweet and the guy is telling you
not to take it personally by the tweet
that was going for everyone except you when he
started the live saying that you
were him too no if you really
consider what you told me who
calls you know that it is that I try to
inform people Well yes but that's why it
really hurt me Because right now eh
I am one of the biggest in this
content
chain be block yes he is the real one no
[Music] It
's true I feel like
crying here today
but here the [ __ ] comes here it was already the
part yes and without attacking eh I tell you eh
the first thing I say to He is the
biggest in gossip and the second is What the
[ __ ] does he come here to argue if you are
bigger or the most viewed no man what the
[ __ ] does it have to do with the visits you
have him what a representation son And
well people label and although I know that
I don't do that if you don't talk you
look like  you do it that's the
question in fact I throw here once
in 2025 2026 and this continues like this the
community continues to evolve in this
way cell is going to be
on all social networks
How can you be so fake dude and so
cynical if the most viewed is going to be the one for
sure but how can it be dude that
the debate ends The two of them sucking each other's [ __ ]
both saying the opposite of what they
were saying behind the video and I
end up promoting a gossip channel and you
follow him on Twitter dude just like there has to be
a top tier of salsa
anywhere and I said it yesterday on a call
and I can put you right now
three people here who could confirm that
I said that yesterday in calls outside of
live outside of anything
with me I only said me because the pines
really that you have a problem with me
but melody in private let's talk Don't
worry
Bye my boy nothing I mean it's finally over We have
reached the conclusion that I wanted to
reach We have reached the conclusion that we
wanted to reach I was right a
romantic date they have both kissed up
there Sam who has kept quiet one and the other
let's go more he who was the one  I had to
answer to my liking and without having anything
against him But honestly to
my liking I mean he kept quiet about
things that amazed me the guy told you
that there were videos of you the guy
even told you at the end that he thinks it's
okay for weapons to be sold man woman you've
been there quiet the four times I've
heard you talk and someone
wants to contradict me please
do it now before we finish the
live okay tell me please let's see so
I can check that you're paying attention to
what you're saying like right now
everyone the live and I'll ask you
the question
winner of the slime gossip award I
was thinking the same thing right now
and I was waiting for the likes to
say it cell until I say a dick dick
people are voting in the revit
gossip channels but come on even if he
hadn't had the chat with Agustín
he also wins because he is
cordial with Greg but let's see
answer me a question please in
the two and a half hours the four times I've
heard Talk to cell in the
debate they have been saying that he is the
most viewed and that  he is different and that he
is the most viewed and is the reference channel
can someone contradict me the
four times that I have heard him speak he
has been I am the most viewed I am
killing it on visit do not put me in the
same bag as the others because I am
the most viewed let's see that
this debate does not fit me I am very sorry I am
sorry if I know he gets angry but this debate does
not fit me at all you go up
to a debate to debate with him
burst the nonsense that he has been
saying for a [ __ ] week and you have not said
anything man but it's both one and
the other because I know he has put himself he has not
said anything he has told him that he is the most
viewed and that they do not mix it with the others
that he is the most viewed that he is
squeezing it that this is what is in the
street breaking that there are other channels that have
already seen it and the other Agustín has
gone from saying that he never saw
our videos that he has us all
blocked that we are the same as selling
weapons that there was never a video of ours that I do
not know what I do not know how much in the end I
end up saying that  he puts on the videos
of the guys chure who watches the videos of
shell doing it he had blocked and
suddenly he put So he does he has
always had it apart from being he
was not saying the same thing as him they read
all their rights they have said that he
is different when that is lies or rather
literally it is a lie the only thing
you heard him talk about was
saying that his partner is not public which is the
most viewed he has said that like four
or five times and when the subject of mine came up he has
not denied anything he said
man If it had been Javi I
would have called you and asked you
please if you don't mind saying that I am
not an abuser and they ended up
following each other on Twitter kissing each other
saying that they were both right and
as Frank said it costs the
slam prize the best gossip channel
paying attention to me is the one that will be interested
These people no longer want problems with
anyone I do not want him to get angry
but it is that really this debate
seemed pointless to me if I get on a
call Because someone is messing
with him  gossip are you criticizing gossip
or are you saying that all of us in gossip
cause psychological problems to
others if I upload a call It is to
refute his points but upload to
say that you are the most viewed and the guy
lies to your face a few times
and you have not refuted a single one of the
lies to me it gives me the feeling that
the objective of uploading that call
was another if I upload it is to expose it and
if I am a gossip channel that I am
super informed of the whole context of
things I would have realized
that Agustín is lying to me right to my
face but a few times it is that he
has lied with my thing saying that
my video had been seen and that is why he got
my guy angry with himself a few
times he has lied about
auronplay saying that on the same day he
apologized on the same day he closed it
when those are lies he spent three or
four days trying they will cancel the
others amen dude regarding the
gossip channels he has lied saying
that  I've never seen a video from a
salsa channel and suddenly the
live shows of the uncle tour Ah my uncle
absolutely all the time with a
lot of things and you haven't refuted a single
one,
I am very disappointed in this
debate, his brother would have given more
war, I saw him arguing things
maybe more or less lukewarmly with more
care maybe he doesn't put on the same
spectacle as me that each one of us has
our own personality but the subhand I
think he would
have fought the argument I think the human being would have refuted the arguments and especially when you are lying to your [ __ ] face and I know that I get heated I go crazy and I start here to put on a spectacle but it is part of the performance but seriously man at
the moment he is telling you that he
has not put you in the same bag as others
because I have you blocked or man that he
starts directly messing with you
[Music]
disappointing family
res